[DOCS] Use `runTest.sh` to execute tests locally (#1733)
TYPO3BestPractices/tea: Documentation/Running.rst

.. important::

    Before running any commands you need to install all dependencies with

.. code-block:: bash

    ./Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -s composer update

You can currently run these tests on the command line:

.. index:: Commands; composer ci:tests:functional
.. code-block:: bash

    ./Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -s functional

Runs the functional tests.

.. note::

>     For executing functional tests a database connection is needed. Therefore you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For executing functional tests, a database connection is needed. Therefore, you
```

>     should execute functional tests directly with the command in the :code:`runTests.sh`.

Reviewer: Grammar-wise, this sentence reads a bit strange …

>     should execute functional tests directly with the command in the :code:`runTests.sh`.

Reviewer: ```rst
    For executing functional tests, a database connection is needed. Therefore, it is
    recommended to run the functional tests using `runTests.sh` instead of locally.
```

.. important::

    Before running any commands you need to install all dependencies with

>     `./Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -s composer update`

Reviewer: We should also use `.. code-block:: bash` here (like with the other commands in this file).

.. index:: Commands; composer ci:tests:functional
.. code-block:: bash

    ./Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -s functional

Runs the functional tests.

.. note::

>     On executing functional tests a database connection is needed. Therefore you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For executing functional tests, a database connection is needed. Therefore, you
```

>     should execute functional tests directly with the command in the `runTests.sh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    should execute functional tests directly with the command in the :code:`runTests.sh`.
```

>     Otherwise you have to take care of the database connection by yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Otherwise, you need to take care of the database connection yourself.
```

.. index:: Commands; composer ci:tests:unit
.. code-block:: bash

    ./Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -s unit

Runs the unit tests.

.. tip::

>     With the option `-p` you can specify which php version will be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With the option :code:`-p`, you can specify which PHP version will be used to
```

>     execute the tests. If you don't specify a php version, the default php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    execute the tests. If you don't specify a PHP version, the default PHP
```

    version will be used.

>     Example: `./Build/Scripts/runTests.sh -p 8.2 -s unit`

Reviewer: We should also use `.. code-block:: bash` here (like with the other commands in this file).

Author: All recommended changes are done. 
I hope I have nothing forget. :wink:
